hello and welcome to my hands roadster
build as you can see it's feeling a
little while but we now have a more
complete car which is fantastic
quickly little walk around as you can
show us be updated nose cone yes it's on
we have already fantastic headlights
which as you can see are kind of cool
but fog light carpet plan right engine
actually see up so before the engine is
in which is nice you can't really see it
but down here we have an inch color on
the top radiator is built and ready to
be installed and it emit the bracketry
for that next this splitter here is what
Matt it's going to be ducting into
cooler air from the top section and
bottom section shall be ducting air for
the radiator which is quite nice right
well it's because they OH
seats are in driver has run as fast as
dozens because they didn't leave them
full roll cage which is now fully loaded
in and installed cost bracing on the
bottom to make it nice and strong on the
back more bracing get again steel mill
as you can see is now in I've got some
clever arrangement for the hot support
yeah bearings so we got a bear in there
nice one down to there underneath the
crossmember for a roads joints and to
the steering rack and as you can now see
the wheels kind of turn which is pretty
cool part of my shaky camera work which
is fantastic so that all works now which
is lovely what's going to say skiffle is
going to go on next today I think and
it's work out how to fix it properly and
save the nosecone once the nose cone is
in place I can then go and install the
radiator but yeah as you can see a rule
often it is on which is good
it doesn't vowel on a pink which is
quite lucky really and star motors on as
well or pad a box that's all installed
as well so that all works which is great
I'm gonna have to wear like old-school
plimsoll things a little gym here little
shoes otherwise my big feet I've got to
get caught in there so it's a bit of
trouble
Oh importantly the handbrake is on as
well none of the wires are done yet
certain is basically dual that routing
later on also all the fuel line needs to
be sorted out as well but I've in my
next video I think but I'm very very
close now very close to painting the
chassis and doing kind of final assembly
I guess and that's going to be quite
exciting so as you guys can see the
beast is getting there I reckon in about
or three weeks time the engine will be
running and it'll be hopefully hopefully
driving hundreds own power he may have a
long shot but also I can do right though
yeah I hope you enjoy it and I hope this
is a yeah amusing you hopefully I should
catch later up next video where I'll be
showing you hopefully the fuel tank fuel
lines and hopefully the engine starting
you never know I'll uh catch you later
and yeah have fun